---
inFeed: true
description: >-
  A couple of years ago, when my teenage son started to bring home his high
  school friends late at night (and a plethora of other light bulb moments -
  like when my wrapped towel kept falling down when I lifted my arms to blow dry
  my hair), I realized that I didn't have an appropriate robe that I loved to
  wear.
dateModified: '2017-08-20T14:11:53.953Z'
datePublished: '2017-08-20T14:11:54.093Z'
title: ''
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2017-08-20-shop.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-08-20T09:43:25.594Z'
_type: Blurb

---
> "I designed Modern Kimono Robes because I couldn't find robes like these anywhere!.." ~ Kate Favia

A couple of years ago, when my teenage son started to bring home his high school friends late at night (and a plethora of other light bulb moments - like when my wrapped towel kept falling down when I lifted my arms to blow dry my hair), I realized that I didn't have an appropriate robe that I loved to wear.

I didn't want to wear those heavy terry cloth robes (especially now that I am fifty + and am starting those lovely hot flashes), and I didn't want to put on that very, very thoughtful present that my husband gave me (the slinky robe only to be worn in the bedroom), so I decided to design a modern, sophisticated, functional kimono style robe.

First thought. A rounded, elegant flattering neckline as opposed to the traditional band that goes high up on your neck. I also designed the 3/4 kimono sleeves just to hit a little below the elbow so you still have the beautiful kimono sleeve effect but they don't get in your way while moving around the house. No more rolling/pushing up your sleeves so they don't get wet!

This was my opportunity to create something that I couldn't find anywhere in the stores and start my shop to share them with anyone who is looking for the same type of robe as I was. I only sew my robes with 100% premium designer cotton so they feel soft every time you put them on and they will last you a lifetime.

enjoy shopping!

Kate

<iframe src="https://the-grid.github.io/ed-userhtml/?g=eJwVyTEOwyAMQNGroCyeCnTIkpTexYADqBAQWKK9fZPxv_9KJYjBv0xmOXJF3kSmg3fR0Pt0hkdPIV646vbdF2Fr99QNaBCR7mPgqa8Y3RmIzG1sSs05pbUJrXS1qFFdwlzUB5lkOwO8_-8QJx4" height="125" style=""></iframe>

[The Store][0]

[0]: https://thegrid.ai/storemkr